but he does not know the ingredients for
this dessert of guanábana and mamey and what
it seems to them if we go straight to see the
ingredients so that at home taking
male 2 cups of water 2 cups of sugar 2
pieces of mamey only the pulp an envelope
of grenetine hydrated in a quarter of
cup of water and dissolved mesh Mary and
a cup of cream to beat and almost almost
the same for the soursop are two
cups of water two cups of sugar 2
pieces of guanabana only the pulp without
bone an envelope of grenetine hydrated in
a quarter of a cup of dissolved water go
I would call a cup of cream to beat and
and then only for red fruits
Decorating your tightening for both cases is
the same syrup will never be seen
of universal for the two is not to say
let's put here the liter that I mentioned
for the mamey we are going to put here the
milestone that I mentioned for the guanábana and
then we will divide it to be
easier not
let's put here
the cup of sugar today and here too
pass sugar or two cups of sugar
ready let's leave the syrup we're not going to
nothing will move me to see clearly yes
please the time we are moving and
which becomes a syrup that
melts the sugar and that becomes
o'hara
then what you go and I will leave
universal for the two mixtures
I'm putting the two
of cream so that it is beaten in
a single round and then we divide it
so that's how we're going to beat it here
in peaks in hard peaks
perfect there is and now if your hair
is ready to grow and it has already dissolved
his classics and he already lacks good
so let's start making the dni
and now we're going to start dividing the
pulp of the way only the pulp without
since he dictated it and here please give me
two cups you pass a ladle the option
and if you give me two cups of it
of the syrup that they already prepared because
Let's liquefy the a male with two cups
of each time already prepared and by
course also with the grenetina that
I have here that we are only going to
moisturize in water at room temperature
and we're going to dissolve it, either bain marie
or in the microwave
nothing more 25 seconds mm highly I the
you spend more value of the arme the grenetina
let's see how is our cream what
we put here with the mamey let's
start liquefying
all this together if it is hot care
agreement lady so with the vaporcito
we can get to burn
so a little dish with tomato a
cloth
we hold it and start liquefying
here we have in pasaia and when
mixture of the corpse came to male and we're going
to add
We have previously hydrated from
dissolves that does the bain-marie with the
microwave so is that willingly
We are going to put the soursop in the pulp
of the guanábana without bone we are going to put
the other two boxes
and he passed the other 2 cups of corpse
please residences
to this one
the mixture of mamey was ready
our cream to beat is little more
half of this cream we're going to
separate to put the mixture of
guanábana and the other half of the america
so here we go to put in a
Char pride please please please
kill half we go here to put the
cream plant is the one that I'm here
using and we will now add the
mixture of mais marta without further favor of
add here the mix of the mer and little
I would appreciate this mixture a little
of guanábana then we have the
soursop we have the syrup that
We prepare Roberto and we will add
now also grenetina that we have to
have previously hydrated
we are not going to hydrate the base in water
Room temperature and dissolved to bath
Mary or in the microwave in the garden
for here we are going to put about 25
seconds only
realistic and marta very straight to the rectum
then to see if it happens to me here by
favor
and it's perfectly well mixed
I pass the guanabana for
flavor of liquefying it to the blender
thanks roberto, you're guaranteed
also to add the kill please
yes once if you want
to this list
is my roberto without the taste of pouring
all
mamey's
and we go now once you do not pour
Roberto, let's take it to the freezer or
to the respirator to lightly set
then pour the mixture
good
we are ready
let's define each other I already have a
curd roberto is ready to mark me
the rest of the cream to beat that
we had here reserved is the firm and
Roberto said that with these assistants
max good forget it now so I want to
What do I want to be here for?
very good guys thank you very much
what maybe you want to help beat the
our guanábana
to be integrated perfectly my
Martha
while the winds of passage deep dish
so good to do me in favor of
serve you clear creampie yes yes allow me
in the town that is already ready
we decorate with corn kernels and now
to go to the presentation table
guys how are you going with the guanábana
up to the list
Bush
that integrates perfectly well
if you add grenetine cloth the mixture
of soursop is perfect I will cover
our mamey mix see nothing else what
Delight your to this we cover it for
full robert me please to
reflect until it completely fills
I'm going to tell it in small squares and not
Danish director of presentation so this
who seems to accompany us and for
course with turkey to try these
Delight this cup